have you guys ever thought you know
better to fight with something that is
naturally and human B or even a living
thing sometimes I've experienced this
myself if I'm really mad at the TV I
just want to punch it in the face right
or if my computer blue screens I've
throw the Bob mouse across the room it's
stuff like that right so basically today
if you can't relate to that this will be
even more funny because today we are
looking at a subreddit called idiots
fighting things and it's basically a
software it dedicated to just that it's
a bunch of people that have been filmed
fighting stuff that makes absolutely no
sense to fight so where this is got to
be fun it's got to be really fun video
you guys already know we'll be doing so
if that sounds like something you want
to do watch make sure to hit that like
button down below hit that subscribe
button if you are new and click that
little bear it's a double bill triple
quad bill that's what it was so check
out our different cases have become a
part of the crazy family squad I'm
excited to watch these skips right here
dude there's nothing that it's more fun
to me because I can relate to it okay
and every time I get mad at something
that I know it's just like a thing and
it doesn't actually affect anything I
laugh at myself after I'm not mad at
evolve right so I feel like this is
gonna be fun now four hours ago and gif
was posted and it already has 2626
up boats so it better be good let's play
let's see what happens okay it looks
like security camera there's a balloon
right there and oh it's that guy's then
he's got to do something he kicks it but
it DOS closely but then he goes for a
punch you were beat by the balloon and
it was caught on tape and there was so
many kicks it I think he just I don't
know why he decided to like bind up the
punch that much I think he just kind of
wanted to play with it and then he
punches so
that inflicted falls backwards bro you
literally got your butt whooped by a
balloon I wanna watch it again he kicks
it for fun
it goes closer and he's like go away you
know oh gosh that is so I think even is
shoe fell off hold on hold on wait look
look yeah that's his shoe you know our
guys everybody watching this video right
now let's do a little bit of a little
bit of a golf club are you ready you did
it you did it sir I've never seen
anybody look that dumb okay let's go on
to the next one
crazy machete guy hates car mirrors oh
no this can't be good is it gonna be a
guy like literally just chopping off car
mirrors that's gonna hurt oh it's a
video
wait what's going on Oh
oh my goodness he he's actually chopping
off car mirrors with the machete are you
absolutely kidding me what is he doing
okay this it is he just doing it again
what up why would you do that it's just
innocent people driving around and he
just he just knocks solved the cameras
are you absolutely kidding me he just
why what has the camera starts to you
and it's specifically the car mirrors
like he doesn't want to damage anything
else on the car he just wants to damage
the car mirrors how long does this go on
for does he get punished at what point
is he still doing it is he still doing
it at this point
that's nobody drove me to him or
something like I don't want him to get
hurt I can tap a little bit actually but
within within reasonable crowds he's
still going how the crap is nobody doing
anything wait what what there what
happened there okay
I would not want to mess with this guy
okay if that's that car mirror gone oh
my goodness he is crazy dude like what
makes you want to do that kind of stuff
that's not even funny dude that's just
freakin weird
I wonder if like it's a car mirror I
thought something really bad to him in
the past like maybe he had it really bad
you know the mirror that didn't really
display stuff accurately any
accidentally drove like a cat over and I
was really mad about it you'll that
might be the case
let me just knock this net thingy over
okay sure oh god he gets mad at it there
you go
that's you showed him you you definitely
showed the net and it probably won't be
doing that again and it's absolutely I
love this so much okay idiot vs. spike
seat okay Epis wait he's actually
fighting the car seat and then his
friend is like trying to hold him back
he's like stupid to stay up stupid kasi
stay up at the difference I guess calm
down bro
it's almost as if he was actually find a
real person right there ten out of ten
ten out of ten that one was really funny
okay what else is there testing a
sprinkler okay how could that go wrong
oh that guy you didn't really fight it
he just he kind of just got owned by the
sprinkler he didn't really get to hit it
or anything like that he's just
completely freaking old idiot attacks
table okay oh wow where did he come from
dude he came flying like a bird or
something holy crap okay oh whoa whoa he
even did whoa he just comes flying in
from heaven and and even when he's down
on the ground he just does like a little
niche AHA look what yeah and he's ready
again
dude he's ready to fire all night how do
you make yourself look at this dude this
is not like this is not a funny job dude
like this is EXCI
like a job that can kill a person like
this is intense dude look at that he's
coming in from all the way up there and
he's just going headfirst look how do
you do that how do you just commit
yourself of doing that I can't even get
myself to jump off like a little spring
board things out into a pool if it's
really high up dude I would never be
able to do that okay anyway kid versus
basketball hoop okay so he's trying to
dunk Oh doc yeah what's up bro hey KK oh
when you got knocked out so he was mad
he can't make it look so I think he gets
upset about the fact that he can't make
it and then it falls down say excited he
makes and then he's like yeah I showed
you dude BAM Stan you know you just got
all by that basketball hoop I don't know
what else there is to tell you dude you
got absolutely freakin wrecked idiot
fights a car does not loose weight what
is XE what is he doing he's probably mad
at the people in the car oh god where's
he going he's still on the car all the
crazy spider-man is he spider-man he was
probably extremely upset with whoever
was on in that car how did he not lose
he probably just did he just stay on the
car how do you stay I stay on the car
for that long dude
okay fighting a Kate oh gosh oh gosh Oh
No okay that's trying to break through
the gate they're really trying they are
legitimately fighting with the gate and
then there's Lou oh I get why it's Tom
it doesn't even open the way that they
try to open it they had to just pull it
back okay yeah that base is really dumb
they spent so much effort it tried to
look really cool on punching the thing
in but then one guy says hey guys opens
this way not not that way so we're just
stop fighting and we'll just open it
like normal human beings yeah
okay let's see top all-time let's see
what the best one was by from like all
the time right come over here to fight
me not Jos wait is he fighting the
nachos oh oh oh wait he's yeah she was
whoa
she got knocked out by the nachos why
the captain she was probably really
upset with the guy bike
after the guy's not ego specifically
after its nachos that is how you can
happen gosh okay if this tree in
particular okay which tree I'm looking
oh oh this guy there okay what's gonna
happen what are you gonna do to the tree
he's actually fighting that oh my wait
what oh plot twists on top of a plot
twist how was he able to kick a tree
down and it actually ended up punching
him in the face how the CREP did even
can't get down how do you do that how do
you do that sir wait I've got to put in
slow-motion let's just see this BAM look
at this he's really going at it how do
you kick a tree down this guy must have
like metal legs boom and look it's got
okay one more kick and it's gotta fall
over you guys ready here we go here we
go BAM slow it down again and look look
at this oh oh that's gotta give you a
serious concussion deal that's gotta
hurt a lot psycho bill got my order
wrong better smash this fish tank wait
what oh he's mad at the Taco Bell
employees oh no there's a fish tank
right there oh gosh what oh my goodness
how do you get so mad what did the poor
fish do to you dude oh yeah that makes
me feel really bad I'm actually makes me
feel really bad anyway owner strikes
back as two idiots ignore a text or sign
okay wait I feel like I've seen this one
before right yeah I feel like a half
they kick the sign then the owner comes
out and oh my goodness you know what I
don't condone violence but they kind of
had it coming right best dog edvard okay
wait there open it oh whoa they can't
break down the door oh my goodness they
just can't break it down whatever the
guy's leg was made of oh they did the
person actually just opens the door okay
whatever the guy who kicked
the trees licks were made out of it's
probably the same material that that
doll was made from just saying I think
your chair is broken
oh oh whoa calm down whoa holy pie whoa
why would you get so mad at the gas tank
chair dude you must have had a real bad
day oh my whoa he just keeps going
this guy is Hulk I think we have found
the real-life hog how how long does he
keep on going
the chair is dead the chairs done dude
all of that just because you probably
hadn't screwed the schools they tied it
off so you fell down when you okay not
the appropriate response but sure gamer
versus computer Keys playing counter
strike oh holy crap he regrets it
immediately after haha the EXCI regrets
it immediately after that that's it when
a rock Oh shoo money Oh
oh my goodness did you see that what
give me my money back
Rock ha people are funny dude people are
really something aren't they but anyway
guys thank you so much watching this
video if you did enjoy make sure to
smash that like button down below just
not actually punch it like the people in
this video did also check out my second
channel where I play my craft for my
girlfriend every single date so David
plays and unfair map in Minecraft and it
was actually so much fun also my third
chatter well played roblox listed out
the description below if you want to
check that out actually on the the
trainer games roblox channel yesterday I
actually reached 10 million ninjutsu in
that ninja game that is popular on
roblox if you guys know what I'm talking
about links out the description for
those two channels go check them out go
subscribe thank you for all your love
and support you are the best people in
the world and I'll talk to you guys
later
thank you for
until the end of this video make sure
you check out yesterday's video right
here at the most recent video on the ta
channel is right here if you haven't
already you can subscribe to my channel
by clicking this button and if you would
like to subscribe to me and my
girlfriend's channel you can click this
button